Add Worker playground (#322)
mdn/dom-examples: README.md

> - The "web-share" directory contains a basic demo to show usage of the [Web Share API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Navigator/share). [View the demo live](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/web-share/).

Reviewer: operate or function
```suggestion
- The "web-workers" directory contains several demos that show how [Web Workers](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API) operate. For example, view the live [simple web worker demo](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/web-workers/simple-web-worker/).
```
